Spent about two hours trying to put the "Hello World" Code into jet brains.
Bunch of errors occured and i tried to fix them then figured out how to add more to my repo folder
Did some reasearch on what Console is used for and void. Which is cool so i somewhat understand why i was putting in some Code
Then Jet kept requesting me to download git.exe and the net.4.1.7 stuff. i got the net thing done but i don't trust git.exe so i will contact the teacher tomarrow.

Console is a import line in a sorta sense its the main thing to use for adding stuff
Void makes it where it doesn't repeat back to you from my understanding and it makes it nothing.
Figured out what the code is to implement backgrounds but i don't know how to utiliaze it. 

Today was rough and filled with errors but i will get help soon and hopefully start to put in my own code and see how it works and forms onto the real thing so im excited but its only the first day.

Learned on what get componet does for the code and unity
Learned on what renderer does and what it takes to make it work in a way
Learned on how to add objects in unity and switch it to 2d or 3d

Learned What the basics of variables and functions are used
but need more practice on how to use it and do it

Function = will return stuff back to us and such/ Activate stuff in a way
Debug.Log = to put variables  in the Console
int= interger 

Learned ontriggerenter in class and how to use it
but i past out so i didn't get to experiment so not its 2:23 in the morning
so im probably gonna experiment right now

I now understand how triggerenter can be used for many things.
Now i know how to assign some the renderer to my color scheme and such at least more fluently 
Did my First experiment for my project and it went horrible then super well. Tomorrow it will be a different one

Learned what a override void is do and i believe it is used for the use of power up code it is also used to extend a method or event type stuff (Not 100% on these three stuff gonna go to the lab thursday)
Abstract int is used for support class where other derived classes would do the other part?
So for the collider on the shape to work for power ups you need to put the shap in a class?
